my name is clear and I offer you a salt soup and it hits - crisis
for that I need
standard peel and cut
kaka cut into slices
union and then both
a clove of garlic
small pieces
help me break up
missed
in a casserole
in which he worked with him
various
the capital
it is enough to regenerate
these 6 ie6
it's the law
philip k
of course
it happens
if they do their best
a pinch of salt
what did he do
alas the big and small
the theme of covering organic vegetables
cook them for 20ten minutes
now that the carrots are cooked
The advisers
I get the bouquet garni
the pr
the bay leaf
and why not affected
program so carefully
the club
and characterization
four to six times in the background
at 85
enough is enough
you have to move on to something else
with
cover with water
bring to a boil
for 45 minutes
and to ensure good conservation simply lift the
muzzle
the cover of criticism in this case this one and that's it
and finish the party
so
a pan that
he's using me
alitalia air
in place of fast lines
I will serve them